improve debug information in actions errors response (close #4031) (#4432)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/deployment/graphql-engine-flags/reference.rst

     - Set the logging level. Default: ``info``. Options: ``debug``, ``info``,
       ``warn``, ``error``.

   * - ``--dev-mode``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_DEV_MODE``

>      - Set dev mode for GraphQL requests; include 'internal' key in the errors extensions (if required) of the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Set dev mode for GraphQL requests; include the ``internal`` key in the errors extensions of the response (if required).
```

   * - ``--admin-internal-errors``
     - ``HASURA_GRAPHQL_ADMIN_INTERNAL_ERRORS``

>      - Include 'internal' key in the errors extensions (if required) of the response for GraphQL requests with the 'admin' role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Include the ``internal`` key in the errors extensions of the response for GraphQL requests with the admin role (if required).
```
